today is the acting Canyon Regional Food
Bank's walk to Stop Hunger which is
being hosted by the Akron interfaith
council days walk we expect to have
close to 150 to 200 people walking
consisting of 21 different individual
group when the walkers arrived they
registered at their prospective tables
and then had some time to socialize
before the walk started the akron area
interfaith council was formed in 1982 to
promote freedom of religion equality and
tolerance among the many different
religions that make up the community
each year the organization and those
they represent work together on a number
of projects that are designated to help
the community and strengthen harmonious
cross-cultural relationships the idea is
that they want to support wholeheartedly
vm food bank our actions Canton Regional
Food Bank and they feel that the gods
grace they have the means to be able to
help those that need to help the most
I'm with Temple Israel and Akron where
are reformed Jewish congregation there
are about six of us walking today in the
akron area interfaith walk and it's
obscure up a cause we participated in
for many years it is a subject near and
dear to us and those of us involved are
excited about being able to participate
in something that will help to ease
hunger in the akron area all the
proceeds go to the action can't
which is a wonderful cause at 3pm it was
time for the group photo and then the
walk began not only did people walk but
so did some of our four-legged friends
the walk was approximately two and a
half miles long starting at the
unitarian universal then proceeded down
west market near summit ball and back to
the church it was quite an impressive
sight to see over a hundred and fifty
walkers with signs in hand walking as an
army against the fight to stop hunger
the demand for emergency food we've
experienced at the akron-canton Regional
Food Bank is at unprecedented levels in
the last 18 to 24 months the
akron-canton Regional Food Bank has
experienced significant increases and
requests for emergency food so this
effort and this walk means so much of
the food bank of the people that we
serve hello we're from the critter
revival and discipleship center where
our passes our cadets Paramore and lead
a paramore we're new to the afrin area
we've been in existence for at least
five years now and we're just excited to
be here we love that and we're just
ready to fight hunger that's basically
it as the war continued the Farallon
police department helped control traffic
to keep everyone safe as motorists
honked and support of the effort
fix a canary interface console in this
puncher of this wonderful walk today and
and one hundred percent of all donations
that we received from Harper sponsors or
Walker's will go to the akron-canton
Regional Food Bank actually we canto
members reached in our pockets donated
money so that all the costs of operating
the walk are covered beforehand so we're
not dipping into the contributions by
the people involved and it will be a
wonderful walk our weather is
cooperating at this point second matter
whether rain or shine we're going to
walk because we believe in answering the
ever-increasing needs of the
akron-canton earrings northwards a
record kent original food they currently
feeds forty thousand six hundred people
each week and in 2009 that distributed
some eighteen point seven million pounds
of food each day that the food bank is
open volunteers come to help pack and
organize thousands of pounds of food for
distribution
all the food that's donated by community
organizations and through food drives
must be examined clean and the
expiration dates checked before it could
be sent out for distribution each day
area food pantries order what they need
from the food banks online internet menu
their orders are then picked and staged
on the warehouse floor for a seven
o'clock in the morning pick up after the
walkers have made it back from their two
and a half mile journey a nice
fellowship buffet took place with plenty
to eat and drink the akron-canton
Regional Food Bank's grassroots network
of emergency food providers is primarily
faith-based in nature and ran primarily
by volunteers so when good folks come
together to help people in need a time
when we need it so much on it matches
perfectly with the mission the food bank
and how we've always operated
if you would like to donate or volunteer
at the excellent can't Regional Food
Bank please go to the website or call
them at 330 535 6900 for more
information about participating in next
year's walk to Stop Hunger please
contact susan davis at the number you
see on your screen or go to their
website we hope to see you next year and
hope that you'll come out and support
the Akron Regional Food Bank and the
walk to Stop Hunger